docs/client.md, before:

# Client

An Otto client is a individual host that is running the Otto client daemon. Scripts are run on clients.

## Installing the Client

Client binaries are provided by the Otto server at `/clients`. Otto servers only provide the same version of clients as
the server itself.

### System Requirements

**Hardware:**
- CPU: Any semi-recent amd64/x86_64 or arm64 CPU. Generally, if it can run any of the operating systems listed below,
it'll work for Otto. 32-bit CPUs are not supported.
- RAM: At least 250MiB of available system memory
- Disk: Varies by log retention, clients are generally less than 10MiB.

**Network:**
- At least one network interface with a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address
- Must accept incoming connections on the Otto client port (default: 12444)

**Operating System:**
- Linux kernel version 2.6.23 or later for amd64/x86_64 systems, 2.33 or later for arm64 systems
- OpenBSD stable release
- FreeBSD 10 or later for amd64/x86_64 systems, 12 or later for arm64 systems
- NetBSD 8 or later. NetBSD 7 may work but is unsupported due to known and unresolved issues

## Running the Client

The Otto client is a static executable file that supports Linux and most BSD systems.

It works best if you run it as root, but will run as a non-root user.

### Automatic Registration

If enabled on the server, clients can configure themselves by automatically registering with the Otto server.

Please see the [Automatic Registration](automatic_register.md) documentation for further information.

### Manual Configuration

You may also manually configure the Otto client with a configuration file. The configuration file is a JSON file with a
single, top-level object. The `otto_client.conf` configuration file must be in the same directory as the Otto client
binary.

|Property|Required|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`listen_addr`|No|The address to listen to. Defaults to `0.0.0.0:12444`.|
|`psk`|Yes|The PSK configured for this host on the server|
|`log_path`|No|The path to a file where the Otto client should log. Defaults to the directory where the otto binary is.|
|`default_uid`|No|The default UID if not specified by the script. Defaults to `0`.|
|`default_gid`|No|The default GID if not specified by the script. Defaults to `0`.|
|`path`|No|The value of $PATH when scripts are executed|
|`allow_from`|No|A CIDR address where connections from Otto Servers will be allowed from. Defaults to `0.0.0.0/0`.|

**Example:**

```json
{
    "psk": "36C1CD5993F64EF0394C0DE9DE12567D",
    "log_path": ".",
    "path":"/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/root/bin",
    "default_uid": 0,
    "default_gid": 0,
    "allow_from": "10.0.0.0/8"
}
```

Commit message:

[SERVER] [CLIENT] [REQ] Add support for automatically rotating client PSK #37

docs/client.md, after:

# Client

An Otto client is a individual host that is running the Otto client daemon. Scripts are run on clients.

## Installing the Client

Client binaries are provided by the Otto server at `/clients`. Otto servers only provide the same version of clients as
the server itself.

### System Requirements

**Hardware:**
- CPU: Any semi-recent amd64/x86_64 or arm64 CPU. Generally, if it can run any of the operating systems listed below,
it'll work for Otto. 32-bit CPUs are not supported.
- RAM: At least 250MiB of available system memory
- Disk: Varies by log retention, clients are generally less than 10MiB.

**Network:**
- At least one network interface with a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address
- Must accept incoming connections on the Otto client port (default: 12444)

**Operating System:**
- Linux kernel version 2.6.23 or later for amd64/x86_64 systems, 2.33 or later for arm64 systems
- OpenBSD stable release
- FreeBSD 10 or later for amd64/x86_64 systems, 12 or later for arm64 systems
- NetBSD 8 or later. NetBSD 7 may work but is unsupported due to known and unresolved issues

## Running the Client

The Otto client is a static executable file that supports Linux and most BSD systems.

It works best if you run it as root, but will run as a non-root user.

### Automatic Registration

If enabled on the server, clients can configure themselves by automatically registering with the Otto server.

Please see the [Automatic Registration](automatic_register.md) documentation for further information.

### Manual Configuration

You may also manually configure the Otto client with a configuration file. The configuration file is a JSON file with a
single, top-level object. The `otto_client.conf` configuration file must be in the same directory as the Otto client
binary.

If you choose to manually configure the Otto client, you must also add the host to the Otto server through the web UI.

|Property|Required|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`listen_addr`|No|The address to listen to. Defaults to `0.0.0.0:12444`.|
|`psk`|Yes|The PSK configured for this host on the server.|
|`log_path`|No|The path to a file where the Otto client should log. Defaults to the directory where the otto binary is.|
|`default_uid`|No|The default UID if not specified by the script. Defaults to `0`.|
|`default_gid`|No|The default GID if not specified by the script. Defaults to `0`.|
|`path`|No|The value of $PATH when scripts are executed|
|`allow_from`|No|A CIDR address where connections from Otto Servers will be allowed from. Defaults to `0.0.0.0/0`.|

**Example:**

```json
{
    "psk": "36C1CD5993F64EF0394C0DE9DE12567D",
    "log_path": ".",
    "path":"/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/root/bin",
    "default_uid": 0,
    "default_gid": 0,
    "allow_from": "10.0.0.0/8"
}
```

Please note that the Otto client may update this config file, such as to rotate the PSK.
