docs/server.md, before:

# Server

The Otto server is the central location for all your scripts and hosts.

## Running the Server

### As a Container (Recommended!)

An OCI-compatible container image is the preferred way of running the Otto server. The image can be used with Podman or Docker.

If you were using Podman, you can run the container with:

```bash
podman run -p 8080:8080 -v <data dir>:/otto_data otto:latest
```

*Substitute `podman` with `docker` if you're using Docker*

Replace `<data dir>` with a directory where you want Otto to store all server data, or omit the volume parameter entirely if you don't care about persistence

Navigating to `http://localhost:8080` in your web browser and use the default credentials of `admin`:`admin` to log in. You will need to change your password the first time you log in.

We recommend using a reverse proxy such as NGINX and configuring TLS.

### As a Service

You may also wish to run the Otto server as an executable on any Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD, or OpenBSD.

### System Requirements

**Hardware:**
- CPU: Any semi-recent amd64/x86_64 (if it can run the systems listed below, it's fine)
- RAM: At least 500MiB of available system memory
- Disk: Varies by use and log retention. 1GiB will be plenty.

**Operating System:**
- Linux kernel version 2.6.23 or later for amd64/x86_64 systems, 2.33 or later for arm64 systems
- OpenBSD stable release
- FreeBSD 10 or later for amd64/x86_64 systems, 12 or later for arm64 systems
- NetBSD 8 or later. NetBSD 7 may work but is unsupported due to known and unresolved issues

### Usage

Download the binary for your operating system and start run the `otto` executable.

Command line options are:

```
-d --data-dir <path>        Specify the absolute path to the data directory
-b --bind-addr <socket>     Specify the listen address for the web server
-v --verbose                Set the log level to debug
--no-scheduler              Disable all automatic tasks
```

For example:

```bash
otto -d /usr/share/otto -b 0.0.0.0:8080
```

## Users & Authentication

Otto currently only supports local user accounts. When the server starts up and there are no user accounts it will create the default account of `admin` with the password `admin`.

You can add users in the Options tab of the web interface. There needs to be at least one user for Otto to function, but you can delete the `admin` user if you create a new user.

### Resetting a forgotten password

**Reset the Password for Somebody Else**

Any user can change the password for other users simply by editing their user in the options page of the web interface. All active sessions for that user will be ended if their password is changed by somebody else.

**Reset/Restore the Default Account**

If you have no way to access the Otto service:

1. Stop the Otto server
2. Navigate to the data directory for the otto server
3. Delete `user.db`
4. Start the Otto server

The default account will be recreated and you can log in using `admin`:`admin`.

## Client Registration

If enabled, Otto clients can register themselves with the Otto server and be assigned to groups based on information
about the client.

To enable client registration, check "Allow Hosts to Register Themselves" in the options page of the Otto web UI.

A register PSK must be specified. This PSK must be specified when telling the client to register itself with the Otto
server.

Registration rules can be added to assign hosts to specific groups. Registration rules are regular expression patterns
that apply to specific details about the host, and a group to assign the host to if the rule matches.

Possible properties are:
- **Hostname.** The hostname of the host.
- **Kernel Name.** The name of the kernel running on the host, as determined by running `uname`.
- **Kernel Version.** The version of the kernel running on the host, as determined by running `uname -r`.
- **Distribution Name.** The name of the distribution or variant of the host. The value varies by system.
- **Distribution Version.** The version of the distribution or variant of the host. The value varies by distribution.

Only one rule may apply to the host, meaning any subsequent rules after a matched rule will not apply.

There is an implicit 'any' rule at the end that will assign the host to a default group, much must be specified.

Commit message:

Allow multiple clauses per register rule #22

docs/server.md, after:

# Server

The Otto server is the central location for all your scripts and hosts.

## Running the Server

### As a Container (Recommended!)

An OCI-compatible container image is the preferred way of running the Otto server. The image can be used with Podman or
Docker.

If you were using Podman, you can run the container with:

```bash
podman run -p 8080:8080 -v <data dir>:/otto_data otto:latest
```

*Substitute `podman` with `docker` if you're using Docker*

Replace `<data dir>` with a directory where you want Otto to store all server data, or omit the volume parameter
entirely if you don't care about persistence

Navigating to `http://localhost:8080` in your web browser and use the default credentials of `admin`:`admin` to log in.
You will need to change your password the first time you log in.

We recommend using a reverse proxy such as NGINX and configuring TLS.

### As a Service

You may also wish to run the Otto server as an executable on any Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD, or OpenBSD.

### System Requirements

**Hardware:**
- CPU: Any semi-recent amd64/x86_64 (if it can run the systems listed below, it's fine)
- RAM: At least 500MiB of available system memory
- Disk: Varies by use and log retention. 1GiB will be plenty.

**Operating System:**
- Linux kernel version 2.6.23 or later for amd64/x86_64 systems, 2.33 or later for arm64 systems
- OpenBSD stable release
- FreeBSD 10 or later for amd64/x86_64 systems, 12 or later for arm64 systems
- NetBSD 8 or later. NetBSD 7 may work but is unsupported due to known and unresolved issues

### Usage

Download the binary for your operating system and start run the `otto` executable.

Command line options are:

```
-d --data-dir <path>        Specify the absolute path to the data directory
-b --bind-addr <socket>     Specify the listen address for the web server
-v --verbose                Set the log level to debug
--no-scheduler              Disable all automatic tasks
```

For example:

```bash
otto -d /usr/share/otto -b 0.0.0.0:8080
```

## Users & Authentication

Otto currently only supports local user accounts. When the server starts up and there are no user accounts it will
create the default account of `admin` with the password `admin`.

You can add users in the Options tab of the web interface. There needs to be at least one user for Otto to function,
but you can delete the `admin` user if you create a new user.

### Resetting a forgotten password

**Reset the Password for Somebody Else**

Any user can change the password for other users simply by editing their user in the options page of the web interface.
All active sessions for that user will be ended if their password is changed by somebody else.

**Reset/Restore the Default Account**

If you have no way to access the Otto service:

1. Stop the Otto server
2. Navigate to the data directory for the otto server
3. Delete `user.db`
4. Start the Otto server

The default account will be recreated and you can log in using `admin`:`admin`.

## Client Registration

If enabled, Otto clients can register themselves with the Otto server and be assigned to groups based on information
about the client.

To enable client registration, check "Allow Hosts to Register Themselves" in the options page of the Otto web UI.

A register PSK must be specified. This PSK must be specified when telling the client to register itself with the Otto
server.

Registration rules can be added to automatically assign hosts to specific groups based off of information about the
operating system of the host. Each rule must have at least one clause, which is a simple regex test against a predefined
property of the system

Possible properties are:
- **Hostname.** The hostname of the host.
- **Kernel Name.** The name of the kernel running on the host, as determined by running `uname`.
- **Kernel Version.** The version of the kernel running on the host, as determined by running `uname -r`.
- **Distribution Name.** The name of the distribution or variant of the host. The value varies by system.
- **Distribution Version.** The version of the distribution or variant of the host. The value varies by distribution.

Each clause must match for the host to be added to the group specified by the rule. Multiple rules may be applied to
incoming hosts.

For example, you may wish to have a rule that assign hosts to a group for CentOS Linux and another for Ubuntu Linux,
or you may further segregate hosts into specific versions such as CentOS Linux 7 or Ubuntu Linux 20.04.

There is an implicit 'any' rule at the end that will assign the host to a default group, much must be specified.
